 Android phones and tablets can
fill up quickly as you download
apps, add media files like music
and movies, and cache data for use
offline. Many lower-end devices
may only include a few gigabytes of
storage, making this even more of a
problem.
The less space you have, the
more time you will have tO spend
managing the internal storage. If you
find yourself regularly running out of
space and needing to manage it try
following suggestions

 <h5>Use Android Built-in Storage Tool</h5>
To find this, open the Settings
Screen and tap Storage. You can
see how much space is used up by
apps and their data, by pictures
and videos, audio files, downloads,
Cached data, and miscellaneous
other files. Tap downloads to view
download list where you can remove
files and tap cached data to clear
the data of all installed apps. Use
the other options to view which files
are taking up space and remove the
ones you do not want.


<h5>See Which Folders and Files Are Taking
Up the Most Space</h5>
You can delete them right from within
the Disk Usage app to see up space. For
 maple, you might see a leftover folder
from a game or app you've uninstalled.
app should have removed that
data, but you can do it by hand with this
app. Select a folder or file, tap the menu
button, and tap Delete to remove it.

<h5> Add an SD Card and Move Data There</h5>

If your phone or tablet does have a
micro ot, you can purchase
 to gain more storage.
Artery installing the  D card, format it
as port e or Internal Storage then
connect your device to yur computer
and move your music,  , and other
files to the  D card's free space.  D
card will be seen as local storage on that
device. The system will determine which
apps make the most sense to move to
the  D card, then go ahead and move
them over. You can't discern between
true internal storage and an  D card
 formatted for internal use, so there s
now a way to manually move individual
 pps over.

If you are running a pre-Marshmallow
version of Android, you can move Some
apps using Android's built-in features.

 <h5>Move Photos to the Cloud</h5>
Rather than storing Photos on your
phone, you could use an online account
 ke Google photos, Drop x, Microsoft
OneDrive, Flickr, or something else.
google Photos is integrated into the
 app on your Android device
and offers unlimited storage of photos.
You can access them from within the
Photos app.


 <h5>Clear Data of Apps taking much size</h5>
This will clear up all of the data related
to an application. If you erase the files
for an app like Facebook, you  have
to re-enter the passwords again. This is
something to use with precaution. For
example, saved games will probably also
get erased.

 <h5>Empty the cache</h5>
This is also a domain that requires
common sense. In fact, what we are
about to do is delete the cache for
certain apps that are taking up a lot of
room. The cache, like mentioned before,
is a type of library where your apps
store their files to retrieve later on. It can
be emptied from time to time.

Emptying the cache will allow you to
block an application that does not
work anymore, like Google Play after its
failed update.
