<h5> Check the radiation level of
Your Android<h5>
Dial *#07# on your Dialpad, and press
call button.
If the results show SAR above 1.6W/Kg.
Then change your mobile phone
IMMEDIATELY.
 What is SAR value?
Many people have had trouble
understanding maximum reported
Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values
for wireless devices.
SAR is measure of the rate of RF (radiofrequency)
energy absorption by the body from the
source being measured. SAR provides
a straightforward means for measuring
the RF exposure characteristics of
wireless devices to ensure that they are
within the safety guidelines set by the
FCC.
 <h5>How To Check SAR Value?</h5>
There is a very simple process for SAR
value check of any mobile phone. The
user just needs to dial the USSD code
*#O7# on their mobile phone and they
Will be taken to the page where they
can check the SAR value and other
necessary information. The threshold
imit for a mobile phone is 1.6W/kg, if
the value of their mobile phone is lesser
than this, then there are no issues using
the phone, if it is higher, that could mean
risk to the user's health.
For other devices where the luxury of
typing the number isn't available, users
can just visit the website of the brand
Of that specific device to learn the SAR value
they can also visit the settings optio and find
out the SAR value of that specific device from
there. this information is usually present in the
user manual of many such devices too.
many people are still wondering what is SAR value.
 <h5>Does Your Phone Fall Under
The Radiation Threshold
Limit?</h5>
 How to check SAR value and what is
SAR value are the two main questions
that are being asked by people lately.
Learn more in this SAR guide here.ln this
day and age, technology has become
a crucial part of a human being's daily
life. Everywhere they go, whether it be
at work or at home, they are surrounded
by an array of devices that are meant
to complete some task. The number of
devices that an average human goes
through a day is a lot and that number
has just increased with time. These
devices work electronically and also
release electromagnetic radiation. When
people are exposed to these radiations
for a long amount of time, it could lead
to them falling sick. People should keep
a track of the number of radiations
their devices emit. This can be done by
checking the SAR value of the device.

