 <h5>Make sure you can delete your data
while you still have your phone</h5>
If you want the ability to remotely wipe
your phone, there are two settings
that you need to switch on before
your phone goes missing. It should be
enabled by default, but check to make
Sure.

Go to Google Settings> Security>
Android Device Manager.  Look for Allow
remote lock and erase and make sure it's
switched on.

The second toggle that needs to be
enabled is also in the Android Device
Manager screen: find Remotely Locate
This Device, and make sure it's on. If
these settings are not enabled, then
Device Manager won't be able to locate
your device.

Android Device Manager works for
tablets as well, but if you have multiple
user accounts, only the person set as
tablet owner can set the Android Device
Manager features.

It's a good idea to take a few other
precautions too: don't store anything
sensitive on microSD cards (remote
wiping can't erase them), make sure
you have a decent lock code or pattern,
and consider investing in an app such
as AirDroid or Lookout. Both apps offer
remote wipe features, but they can also
transfer crucial data before pulling the
plug
Google Settings
Security
<h5>Enable both the option of Android
Device Manager as you can see in the
image below:</h5>
<h5>How remotely wipe your Android phone</h5>

Oh no. Your phone's gone! It's time for
action, arnd by action we mean Android
Device Manager. You can access Android
Device Manager in two ways: Via the
Android Device Manager app on another
Android device, or via the Android
Device Manager website.

Once you've logged in, Android Device
Manage will attempt to locate your
missing device. If it's on and can get a
signal, you'll see the location on a map.
our also see three options: ring it, lock
It or remotely wipe It. if the device is
not on or can not get a signal, Android
Device Manager will report its location
when it comes on and connects to a
WI-FI or cellular network.

At that point you can erase all the data
from your phone, but we'd strongly
recommend trying the less-serious
options in before you go nuclear and
delete everything. Try them in this order:

 <h5>Use Android Device Manager to make
your phone ring</h5>

Lost phones are often mislaid rather
than permanentiy missing or stolen. to
rule that out, use the Androld Device
Manager to make the phone ring loudly
Tor five full minutes. his enables you
to find your phone if it's fallen onto the
floor of your car or been hidden in a
Slipper by one of your children.

 <h5>Change the lock screen</h5>
There's a second non-nuclear option
avallabile to you. changing the Iock
screen so that when the phone is next
SWitched on, your message is displayed.
"GIVE ME MY PHONE BACK" is likely to
be counter -productive, but a "Please
call me" message, possibly backed with
a modest reward, might just work.

Tried that? Still no joy? OK. It's time to
destroy your data.

 <h5>Erase your data</h5>
Choosing the erase option will remotely
Wipe your phone or tablet. that's the
same as performing a full tactory reset,
so it'll delete all of your settings, your
music, your photos and your apps (but
not the SD card). As with locking, if
the missing phone is off then selecting
this optlion will remotely wipe it once it
Comes back online.
If you're worried enough to take this
Option you should also go into your
Account and revoke access
or your missing phone. We'd also
recommend changing any passwords
to your online Services.
the likelihood of a lost phone leading
to baddies accessing all your stuff is
very remote, but it doesn't take long
to remove that possiblity altogethe.

 <h5>What if Android Device Manager can
not connect?</h5>
If Android Device Manager can not
connect, there are two more things
you can try. Google Maps tracks your
phone location history - or at least, it
does if you have not turned that feature
off in your Google Account - so you
can sometimes discover where your
missing phone has been by visiting the
nissingpnone has been by Visiting the
Location History page and checking the
timestamps. It was not necessarily tell
you where your phone is now, but it can
tell you where its been.

Another option is to use an app such as
Android Lost, which works well on older
Android devices. It is one of the few
solutions that you can install remotely,
so its a good option if you had not
enabled the Android Device Manager
options specified above. The app and
website look terrible but work well,
although the device needs to be online
via the cellular network or Wi-Fi for it to
Work.